[5.11.0] - Fixed Self-Registration Doc Issues (#2894)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/self-registration.md

			2.	Under **Signing in to Google** section, turn off the **2-step Verification** option. 

> 			3. Enable **Less secure app access** in Google Account **Security** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			3. Enable **Less secure app access** in the Google Account's **Security** section.
```
